Hiptensor 2.0 (#370)
ROCm/hipTensor: CHANGELOG.md

Full documentation for hipTensor is available at [rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hiptensor](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hipTensor/en/latest/index.html).

## (Unreleased) hipTensor 2.0.0 for ROCm 7.0.0

### Added

* Added element-wise binary operation support.
* Added element-wise trinary operation support.
* Added support for new GPU target gfx950.
* Added dynamic unary and binary operator support for element-wise operations and permutation.
* Added a CMake check for `f8` datatype availability.

> * Added hiptensorDestroyOperationDescriptor to free all resources related to the provided descriptor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `hiptensorDestroyOperationDescriptor` to free all resources related to the provided descriptor.
```

Please consider adding code formatting where appropriate.

> * Added hiptensorOperationDescriptorSetAttribute to set attribute of a hiptensorOperationDescriptor_t object..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `hiptensorOperationDescriptorSetAttribute` to set attribute of a `hiptensorOperationDescriptor_t` object.
```
Please consider adding code formatting where appropriate.

* Added hiptensorOperationDescriptorGetAttribute to retrieve an attribute of the provided hiptensorOperationDescriptor_t object.

> * Added hiptensorCreatePlanPreference to allocate the hiptensorPlanPreference_t and enable users to limit the applicable kernels for a given plan/operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `hiptensorCreatePlanPreference` to allocate the `hiptensorPlanPreference_t` and enabled users to limit the applicable kernels for a given plan or operation.
```

* Added hiptensorDestroyPlanPreference to free all resources related to the provided preference.
* Added hiptensorPlanPreferenceSetAttribute to set attribute of a hiptensorPlanPreference_t object.
* Added hiptensorPlanGetAttribute to retrieve information about an already-created plan.
* Added hiptensorEstimateWorkspaceSize to determine the required workspaceSize for the given operation.
* Added hiptensorCreatePlan to allocate a hiptensorPlan_t object, select an appropriate kernel for a given operation and prepare a plan that encodes the execution.
* Added hiptensorDestroyPlan to free all resources related to the provided plan.

### Changed

* Removed architecture support for gfx940 and gfx941.
* Generalized opaque buffer now for any descriptor.

> * Replaced hipDataType with hiptensorDataType_t for all supported types e.g. HIP_R_32F -> HIPTENSOR_R_32F.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replaced `hipDataType` with `hiptensorDataType_t` for all supported types, for example, from `HIP_R_32F` to `HIPTENSOR_R_32F`.
```
